Resolves https://github.com/spring-io/dataflow.spring.io/issues/181 (#3763)
spring-cloud/spring-cloud-dataflow: spring-cloud-dataflow-docs/src/main/asciidoc/streams.adoc

    <optional>true</optional>
</dependency>
----

> The whitelisting works only with jar app artifacts! At the moment metadata is not retrievable from the App Docker Images. For later a dedicated metadata artifact is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The whitelisting support works only for uber-jar application artifacts! At the moment, the metadata properties are not retrievable from the dockerized application images directly — a dedicated companion metadata JAR is required.
```

> The `configuration-properties.names` can white list only properties defined in java property class annotated with `@ConfigurationProperties`. The `@Value` defined properties can not be withe listed!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `configuration-properties.names` can whitelist properties that are defined in the property class annotated with `@ConfigurationProperties`. The properties defined with `@Value` annotations cannot be whitelisted.
```
